guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidCalendar.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidCalendar
guardians/model/entities/primarykeys/package-info.java
 guardians.model.entities.primarykeys.package-info
guardians/model/validation/validators/DayMonthYearCycleChangeValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.DayMonthYearCycleChangeValidator
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/CalendarSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.CalendarSchedulerDTO
guardians/model/repositories/ScheduleRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.ScheduleRepository
guardians/controllers/exceptions/AllowedShiftNotFoundException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.AllowedShiftNotFoundException
guardians/model/entities/DayConfiguration.java
 guardians.model.entities.DayConfiguration
guardians/controllers/package-info.java
 guardians.controllers.package-info
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/CycleChangeSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.CycleChangeSchedulerDTO
guardians/controllers/exceptions/package-info.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.package-info
guardians/model/validation/validators/ShiftPreferencesDayConfigValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.ShiftPreferencesDayConfigValidator
guardians/model/validation/validators/DayMonthYearScheduleDayValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.DayMonthYearScheduleDayValidator
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/DayConfigurationSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.DayConfigurationSchedulerDTO
guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidShiftPreferences.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidShiftPreferences
guardians/controllers/MyAdviceController.java
 guardians.controllers.MyAdviceController
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/ShiftConfigurationSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.ShiftConfigurationSchedulerDTO
guardians/model/dtos/general/CalendarSummaryPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.CalendarSummaryPublicDTO
guardians/model/dtos/general/ShiftConfigurationPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.ShiftConfigurationPublicDTO
guardians/controllers/ShiftConfigurationController.java
 guardians.controllers.ShiftConfigurationController
guardians/model/entities/primarykeys/DayMonthYearPK.java
 guardians.model.entities.primarykeys.DayMonthYearPK
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidScheduleStatusTransitionException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidScheduleStatusTransitionException
guardians/model/dtos/general/DayConfigurationPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.DayConfigurationPublicDTO
guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidShiftConfiguration.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidShiftConfiguration
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidScheduleException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidScheduleException
guardians/model/repositories/CalendarRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.CalendarRepository
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidDayConfigurationException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidDayConfigurationException
guardians/model/repositories/AbsenceRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.AbsenceRepository
guardians/model/repositories/ScheduleDayRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.ScheduleDayRepository
guardians/model/validation/validators/ShiftPreferencesShiftConfigValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.ShiftPreferencesShiftConfigValidator
guardians/controllers/exceptions/CalendarAlreadyExistsException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.CalendarAlreadyExistsException
guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidAbsenceDates.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidAbsenceDates
guardians/model/repositories/DoctorRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.DoctorRepository
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidEntityException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidEntityException
guardians/model/dtos/general/CalendarPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.CalendarPublicDTO
guardians/model/dtos/general/package-info.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.package-info
guardians/model/entities/Schedule.java
 guardians.model.entities.Schedule
 guardians.model.entities.Schedule$ScheduleStatus
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/ScheduleSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.ScheduleSchedulerDTO
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/AbsenceSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.AbsenceSchedulerDTO
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidCalendarException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidCalendarException
guardians/GuardiansAsyncConfiguration.java
 guardians.GuardiansAsyncConfiguration
guardians/GuardiansApplication.java
 guardians.GuardiansApplication
guardians/model/dtos/general/ScheduleSummaryPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.ScheduleSummaryPublicDTO
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidScheduleStatusException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidScheduleStatusException
guardians/model/dtos/general/CycleChangePublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.CycleChangePublicDTO
guardians/model/dtos/general/AbsencePublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.AbsencePublicDTO
guardians/controllers/assemblers/AllowedShiftAssembler.java
 guardians.controllers.assemblers.AllowedShiftAssembler
guardians/model/validation/validators/CycleChangeValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.CycleChangeValidator
guardians/model/validation/validators/DayMonthYearDayConfigurationValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.DayMonthYearDayConfigurationValidator
guardians/services/CalDav.java
 guardians.services.CalDav
guardians/model/entities/Absence.java
 guardians.model.entities.Absence
guardians/LoadInitialData.java
 guardians.LoadInitialData
guardians/model/dtos/general/ScheduleDayPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.ScheduleDayPublicDTO
guardians/model/validation/validators/AbsenceDatesValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.AbsenceDatesValidator
guardians/controllers/exceptions/DoctorAlreadyExistsException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.DoctorAlreadyExistsException
guardians/model/validation/validators/ScheduleDayValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.ScheduleDayValidator
guardians/model/validation/validators/ScheduleValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.ScheduleValidator
guardians/controllers/CalendarController.java
 guardians.controllers.CalendarController
guardians/controllers/SchedulerHandler.java
 guardians.controllers.SchedulerHandler
guardians/controllers/assemblers/DoctorAssembler.java
 guardians.controllers.assemblers.DoctorAssembler
guardians/WebSecurityConfig.java
 guardians.WebSecurityConfig
guardians/model/entities/AbstractDay.java
 guardians.model.entities.AbstractDay
guardians/model/entities/Calendar.java
 guardians.model.entities.Calendar
guardians/model/dtos/package-info.java
 guardians.model.dtos.package-info
guardians/model/entities/package-info.java
 guardians.model.entities.package-info
guardians/model/repositories/CycleChangeRespository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.CycleChangeRespository
guardians/services/calendarioGeneral.java
 guardians.services.calendarioGeneral
guardians/model/entities/AllowedShift.java
 guardians.model.entities.AllowedShift
guardians/controllers/AllowedShiftsController.java
 guardians.controllers.AllowedShiftsController
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/AllowedShiftSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.AllowedShiftSchedulerDTO
guardians/model/validation/validators/package-info.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.package-info
guardians/controllers/exceptions/NotFoundException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.NotFoundException
guardians/model/dtos/general/DoctorPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.DoctorPublicDTO
guardians/services/EmailService.java
 guardians.services.EmailService
 guardians.services.EmailService$1
guardians/services/CalendariosIndivuales.java
 guardians.services.CalendariosIndivuales
guardians/model/validation/validators/CalendarValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.CalendarValidator
guardians/model/validation/validators/ShiftPreferencesValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.ShiftPreferencesValidator
guardians/model/repositories/AllowedShiftRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.AllowedShiftRepository
guardians/model/validation/validators/DayMonthYearValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.DayMonthYearValidator
guardians/model/validation/validators/ShiftConfigurationValidator.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.ShiftConfigurationValidator
guardians/controllers/exceptions/ShiftConfigurationNotFoundException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.ShiftConfigurationNotFoundException
guardians/model/repositories/package-info.java
 guardians.model.repositories.package-info
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/ScheduleDaySchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.ScheduleDaySchedulerDTO
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/DoctorSchedulerDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.DoctorSchedulerDTO
guardians/controllers/assemblers/ScheduleAssembler.java
 guardians.controllers.assemblers.ScheduleAssembler
guardians/model/entities/ShiftConfiguration.java
 guardians.model.entities.ShiftConfiguration
guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidSchedule.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidSchedule
guardians/controllers/exceptions/ScheduleAlreadyExistsException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.ScheduleAlreadyExistsException
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidDoctorException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidDoctorException
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidShiftConfigurationException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidShiftConfigurationException
guardians/model/validation/validators/DaysOfMonthChecker.java
 guardians.model.validation.validators.DaysOfMonthChecker
guardians/controllers/exceptions/ShiftConfigurationAlreadyExistsException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.ShiftConfigurationAlreadyExistsException
guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidCycleChange.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidCycleChange
guardians/model/entities/Doctor.java
 guardians.model.entities.Doctor
 guardians.model.entities.Doctor$DoctorStatus
guardians/controllers/RootController.java
 guardians.controllers.RootController
guardians/model/repositories/ShiftConfigurationRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.ShiftConfigurationRepository
guardians/model/repositories/DayConfigurationRepository.java
 guardians.model.repositories.DayConfigurationRepository
guardians/model/entities/CycleChange.java
 guardians.model.entities.CycleChange
guardians/model/dtos/general/AllowedShiftPublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.AllowedShiftPublicDTO
guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidScheduleDay.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidScheduleDay
guardians/model/dtos/scheduler/package-info.java
 guardians.model.dtos.scheduler.package-info
guardians/controllers/assemblers/ShiftConfigurationAssembler.java
 guardians.controllers.assemblers.ShiftConfigurationAssembler
guardians/controllers/exceptions/CalendarNotFoundException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.CalendarNotFoundException
guardians/controllers/exceptions/InvalidAbsenceException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.InvalidAbsenceException
guardians/controllers/ScheduleController.java
 guardians.controllers.ScheduleController
guardians/model/validation/annotations/package-info.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.package-info
guardians/model/dtos/general/SchedulePublicDTO.java
 guardians.model.dtos.general.SchedulePublicDTO
guardians/controllers/assemblers/CalendarAssembler.java
 guardians.controllers.assemblers.CalendarAssembler
guardians/model/entities/ScheduleDay.java
 guardians.model.entities.ScheduleDay
guardians/controllers/exceptions/ScheduleNotFoundException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.ScheduleNotFoundException
guardians/controllers/exceptions/AlreadyExistsException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.AlreadyExistsException
guardians/controllers/exceptions/DoctorNotFoundException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.DoctorNotFoundException
guardians/controllers/assemblers/package-info.java
 guardians.controllers.assemblers.package-info
guardians/controllers/exceptions/DoctorDeletedException.java
 guardians.controllers.exceptions.DoctorDeletedException
guardians/controllers/DoctorController.java
 guardians.controllers.DoctorController
guardians/model/entities/primarykeys/CalendarPK.java
 guardians.model.entities.primarykeys.CalendarPK
guardians/model/validation/annotations/ValidDayMonthYear.java
 guardians.model.validation.annotations.ValidDayMonthYear
